well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gum so today we're going to talk
about what a great success that
withdrawal from Syria is how that's
going because now the u.s. is about to
send a bunch of armor their punch tanks
and other armored to Syria to protect
the Conoco gas plant more likely yeah so
that's going great the country we're
bringing them home from we're sending
more troops to and armored is going to
mean more troops than with then was
withdrawn because SF troops are liked
Special Forces troops are light they
don't require much they're very
autonomous that's part of the way that
they're designed they don't need much
they were like heavily on what's their
tanks aren't the same way if you just
drop a bunch of tanks and their crews
there
well that 4.3 million dollar abrams
that's just a target it's a sitting duck
because there's a bunch of javelin and
sack sworn anti-tank missiles in syria
that can take those out so two guys can
take those tanks out so you're going to
need ground troops you're getting
imagery guys they're going to be in
strikers or Bradley's you're going to
need maintenance crews for all of this
stuff you're gonna need supply guys for
all of this stuff because you know an
abrams well that takes a lot of gas
takes a lot of parts you need to run
surveillance over the entire area and
that's gonna require a different kind of
group you need scout units you're going
to need guys to maintain the
infrastructure to make sure the bridges
and so on can hold the weight of the
tanks you're gonna need the drones to
help run the surveillance and because
there are other state actors in the area
we don't deploy our armor without air
cover so we're gonna need jets as well
those may not have to be stations in
Syria those could probably be ran from
Iraq
the rest of the stuffs it's gonna have
to be there so bringing them home no we
didn't deescalate we're putting more
troops in more troops then left but at
least the mask is off in this little
scooby-doo mystery we know what it's
about now money same thing it's always
about mask comes off and it's much a
ritual white guys trying to make some
money and not caring who they hurt in
the process
and the thing is it's even going to be
bigger than this because it looks like
the goal is to kind of create a u.s.
zone in northeastern Syria because we're
anti imperialist anti colonialists and
that's great you know that that's
fantastic that's whatever but it's not
just gonna stop with this gas plant
because you're gonna have to protect the
road heading into Iraq as well so all of
these numbers they're projecting now
expect them to go up because they're
going to realize that if you just
protect the plant while it doesn't do
any good is the second anything leaves
it becomes a target now the other thing
that happened was the president tweeted
perhaps it's time for the Kurds to start
heading to the oil regions
the President of the United States is
complicit in attempting to remove an
ethnic group from a geographic area by
force there's a word for that there's a
term for that
the force is the Turkish military and he
allowed that force in there by moving
the troops that aren't being withdrawn
were not actually scaling down that was
just something to sell to his base
they're trying to cleanse an area from
an ethe of an ethnic group and the US
president is complicit in it that's
where we're at this morning more troops
and complicit and something is pretty
horrible so no not bringing them home
it's not anti-imperialist it's not
anti-colonialist it's not ending foreign
entanglements it is what it is it's more
of the same just packaged in a different
way by a guy who can sell his brand and
his supporters and base bought it hook
line and sinker in the process we sold
out the most powerful non-state actor in
the Middle East but hey we're going to
protect the gas plants even though by
what the last quarter of 2020 we're
going to be a net exporter of energy but
our foreign policy still guided like
OPEC can cut us off at any moment anyway
it's just a fault y'all have a good day